lastly Father for I have sinned
how long since your last confession my
son twenty-seven hours it's really too
often you're not that bad Harry Capitol
pictures as you know millions of people
look to us for information and uplift
and yes entertainment and we're gonna
give it to him an action an army of
technicians and actors and top-notch
artistic people are working hard to
bring to the screen our biggest release
of the year Hail Caesar is a prestige
picture with one of the biggest stars in
the world Baird Whitlock a truth we
could see if we had but if we what's on
them a director can't find Baird
Whitlock somebody slipped it under my
door
we have your movie star gather $100,000
and await instructions who are we the
future
hello Bert hello mr. Mannix Lawrence
Obie thank you all for coming
the studio needs your help Baird
Whitlock has been kidnapped this is bad
from Moby stores spend 24 hours but
we're looking for him we don't want it
in the gossip columns this is gonna cost
the studio a lot of money because that's
where you come in I need some cash
they must have very strong forearms is
it hard squeezing it like that it's part
of the job miss I'd like to know what
the pen is going on here
20 million readers want the truth Eddie
truth yes
[Music]
don't you mean the truth
this is a drama man it's a real drama
mr. Mannix I know it sounds screwy but
someone's calling from the future good
lord
wondering what's going on
[Music]